Update our approach for executor-bound dependencies (#22573)
mistercrunch/Airflow: README.md

   are very likely to introduce breaking changes across those so limiting it to MAJOR version makes sense
* `werkzeug`: the library is known to cause problems in new versions. It is tightly coupled with Flask
   libraries, and we should update them together

> * `celery`: Celery is crucial component of Airflow as it used for Celery Executor. Celery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `celery`: Celery is crucial component of Airflow as it used for CeleryExecutor. Celery
```
nit

   [follows SemVer](https://docs.celeryq.dev/en/stable/contributing.html?highlight=semver#versions), so
   we should upper-bound it to the next MAJOR version. Also when we bump the upper version of the library,
   we should make sure Celery Provider minimum Airflow version is updated).

> * `kubernetes`: Kubernetes Executor is a crucial component of Airflow as it is used for the K8SExecutor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kubernetes`: Kubernetes is a crucial component of Airflow as it is used for the KubernetesExecutor.
```
nit
